Restructure recorder documentation to contain all properties. (#1899)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/guides/recording_from_simulations.rst

   of thread execution, events are not necessarily recorded in
   chronological order.

Recording devices can fundamentally be subdivided into two groups:

> - **Collectors** collect events sent to them. Neurons are connected to
>   collectors and the collector collects the events emitted by the
>   neurons connected to it.

Author: Good idea.
```suggestion
- **Collectors** gather events sent to them. Neurons are connected to
  collectors and the collector gathers the events emitted by the
  neurons connected to it.
```
